family family Good morning I just
arrived in Malaga I'm right now at
the demonstration site and there are already
people okay Well the truth is that there are
quite a few people now that I realize
eh I'm going to try to show you how the
scene is okay look from here from far away from
here from far away don't go to a canal
don't go and see there okay how do you see how do you
see I don't know if it will be noticeable but the
corner is quite crowded with people
Okay I'm going to look for a cool place where I
can keep my car I'm going to San Pablo that
I can see around there because we have to eat and I'm
going to I'm coming here and I'm coming
here okay an hour early
and I'm embarrassed Okay family I'll
come back okay
Next door I think it was a
bad idea to get off okay I
thought they weren't going to see me but the
waiter is trembling Juanka over there I've
seen him I've seen everything except
Enrique What a great place it falls How great it
is Blanca says Huanca that there's a garage
there next to this one I'm going to I'm going to
look for the garage I could park the
Mercadona of course but of course without  embargo
in the market not where I eat well already
as I eat later no later they make a
little stop to eat okay this is so
crowded don't look the Mercadona is full I
put the car away and go into Mercadona
grab something and go to the bathroom and
Mercadona is packed with blue I don't know
if you get to see okay there is the place
there is the demonstration site Okay
family we are going to get closer to the
terrain Okay We are going to get closer to the
terrain to see how things are I am going to
put on my mask and let's get to it I think it's
time There are 10 minutes left until
the hour but come on it's time for
everyone to be here let's get to it no
ma'am it's just that I'm
scared It's that I'm seeing
there that there are a lot of people Hello how are you
man it would be missing more and we don't understand
things If we have to find out
through sálvame we don't understand anything What is
going on there that the
people are pointing over there packed
Ah well I'm going to go over there give her a
kiss here there is your honor full your
honor full
[Music]
[Applause]
the tide I think is there Enrique
Enrique Enrique stop you are the mother who
gave birth to you
[Music]
I thought it was dad
[Applause]
we have also asked that the
concentration be silent or I explain
obviously We are not going to be all
silent because it is not going to be possible but as
much as possible
without talking too much whatever but that's it we are not going to be
causing trouble we are not
going to provoke anyone please
if someone comes and says anything to us
with the intention of provoking or
breaking up this concentration that we
are doing And it has cost a lot of
work in demonstration to the
Flores family that we love it and that we support it
Well please I ask you that if there is
someone who wants to break up the
concentration because we do not pay attention,
let's name what they are that
these two are Flores Moreno and they
have shown a humility, a
simplicity of not entering into provocation,
respect and we are going to continue please I
ask you that if there is someone who comes to
say something Let's turn around and
not pay attention okay because there have
been many comments
olé What's up my  Your Honor, my kids,
as Javi says, she went out today. No, she didn't go out today.
I had arranged to meet her. I already had
everything sorted out. They
say yes, Antonio David. No, I
hope he comes. It wouldn't
be a great idea. Let's
see if he's a baker from here in the
neighborhood and you're taking me.
If it's him, did
you expect so much support? Yes, man,
Rocío Flores will come. I have no idea,
honestly, no. I came as just another
countryman. She's coming out here
anyway.
[Laughter]
I'm acting surprised
here in person. You too.
[Laughter]
Excuse me. Excuse me. Says a lady. I
have the same face as on YouTube.
But well, it would be a little, it would be a little
strange if I had another time. I was
going to come here from Cuco to see if I
could catch him, but people are already getting ahead of me.
It's going to be difficult for me to
get there. eh. But well, let's go with
Antonio David.
Well, let's see. Let's see
how Antonio David receives. I'm going to try. I'm going to try to
show you as much as
possible, okay,
but it's complicated.
[Music]
What a reception, what a reception,
gentlemen, there we have
Antonio.  David up very excited
[Music]
[Applause]
Well let's continue protagonist that it's
difficult to see no but we have been
able to greet him olé olé
where do you come from
I from here from Malaga from Benalmádena Hey
daughter but it's that a woman comes from
Valencia from Valencia from Valencia
[Music]
Where are those from Telecinco that I can't see them they
are looking for the cameras they are
looking
[Music]
What does this lady say where are those
from Telecinco and I'm telling her that they
are looking for the cameras
[Music]
emotional hug emotional Hug Alberto
everything that we have messed up everything that
we have messed up
[Music]
nothing I want to start at the beginning and
the beginning of the next one okay
the first words I wanted were to
dedicate them now I am YouTube
apart
from my colleagues and friends no because
without them
none of this would have been possible and my father said that it
is about being well born to be
grateful therefore you
are not alone therefore I want I want to
thank leave it leave it I want to thank
publicly
First of all a person who is not here  that I have
missed that you all of
you know him through
social networks Twitter and and YouTube
which is the lapidary
that we were talking about yesterday and no I
could not come I have him in mind and it's as
if he were here with us then
a journalist with everything that
the word journalist means the ethics and the
professionalism of Alberto is here I
am very grateful very
grateful for your analysis for your For
your sensible
impartial
objective way of making people see that there
are still journalists who
continue with that ethics and have not
abandoned
what they were taught at university and have
not become
mercenaries of the show and of television
and I appreciate each and every one of all those
videos that you make
here representing the vanguard
of a newspaper like the vanguard
and thank you for being here seeing from the
heart thank you also appreciate
the presence I don't even have to
introduce them because you already know them all, I mean they
have a
ton of followers a ton of
subscribers from all that blue tide that
sees you and sincerely I feel
proud to share with you all
this moment of
seeing the support and the diffusion that you
give it  to each of the topics and what is
happening to us And from there, well, to
say that for me this was
something unthinkable, all the support that there is
on social networks through the
Blue Tide movement,
a small part
that has been able to move from a
lot of points in Spain, coming from
Tenerife, coming from Chipiona, coming from Granada, coming from
Valencia, coming from
Cordoba,
coming from Barcelona,
Santander, from all points of
Spain,
Mallorca, well, I am also grateful that they have
abandoned their duties, that they
have left their families, that they have come
here
And of course, how can we not
absorb the people that there are
many who take this movement
as a joke,
that this is not at all funny, that there are
many people through
social networks and today they come here to say
that it is enough
that they stop the harassment in this case it has
affected me, it has affected my family
but we are already seeing that for a
long time the tone of the
television factory, which is to point
directly at not another but at them, they are the ones
who, in order to make television and to
gain audience data, have been
destroying for a long time  families and doing
harm they have really forgotten what
entertainment was, what
fun was and the people the public those who
gave it an audience
have said up to here we do not want this
type of television we do
not want this harassment we have another type
of television
and it is demonstrated by the audience data
months ago they were 18 19 and now they are
at 13 and at 14
then
too In the end all this means
that enough is enough of doing harm because in
this case
a little bit higher they
have pointed me out as an
abuser when
[Music]
when as you well know there have been
three judicial instances that have said
that there
is no evidence that can prove
absolutely anything of what my wife
said at the time through a documentary
that the television factory bought for
the money that was scratched the same
Ravaging causing harm to a family
and based according to them on
documentation that this documentation as you
all know has been
documentation that has been provided in
court and that has served
absolutely nothing to prove
absolutely absolutely nothing from
there on you all know everything
that has happened all that
damage all that destruction to
my house to my family what it
means
[Applause]
what it means to go through the embarrassment
of being fired from a
television program with two million or so
people watching you
publicly
of subjecting yourself to that to that embarrassment
And you people have seen that
as an injustice from then on
many things have happened you all know and
the damage that has been caused
is obvious that when
when people gather in
one place and come to say something they come to
send a message they send that message to
the appropriate people it is clear
that the appropriate people
at the moment I am still waiting to hear
from them
but but one thing is clear and
we have the power when we
decide with the television remote control to
put on one channel or another channel and
make the advertisers see it, the
publicists who are the ones who pay the
money so that those channels so that
those programs continue working but
we do not agree with what they are
doing We do not agree with the
harassment there
are sentences there are
fines from bodies
like the National Commission of the
children's market in Sálvame hours has broadcast
content that could not be done it could not
broadcast that type of content
because there are children who are watching
television at 5 in the afternoon
and it was wild and destructive content
for kids who are watching
television
the television factory ignores all of that
because it doesn't matter to them
they have so much money that they don't care about
administrative sanctions they don't care about them
afterwards they pay them It's nothing
but the strength that we have is
precisely that to rebel and rebel to
make them see that it's not the way it's
senseless what they're doing
because now in this case it's my turn it's
my family's turn
but tomorrow it's anyone's turn
here
and I would like perhaps for
that message to get through that our children
have no need to watch content on
television that they don't have to watch it
at a time that is supposed to be
protected and that they ignore the
rules because it doesn't matter to them that's
abuse we
don't want that type of television we don't want
that type of programs we don't
want damage
to the family so that later there are two
people who are the owners of the
production company of the factory of  the television
enrich themselves in this way with this
brutal heritage that they have, that there are
colleagues who for me have been
colleagues who suddenly
change their jackets from one day to the next
for a directive to not lose
their job, that
is abuse, abuse of authority and it ends up
manipulating the audience, it ends up
deceiving people and it ends up
turning all of this into a
farce and selling smoke and we are tired of being sold smoke, we are tired of not getting hurt and we are tired of the harassment that my family is receiving, I have always said it, a short time ago I made a statement that was not published
anywhere but I asked please that
since I have been in this for 25 years,
that in the end they attack me because I
can defend myself and I can attack that I have
not attacked yet because stop because
to attack in the end you have to have and
forgive me for the expression a very
clean ass and no one has a clean ass
then it
is really okay that they shoot
me but please I ask that
my children be left aside, that they come,
that Olga be left aside, that all
our family be left aside because they have
absolutely nothing to do with it  this This
is a personal war between the
television factory and those responsible against me
because I reported them for an unfair dismissal
where there is a sentence where a judge
has explained very well everything that has
happened, the harassment to which I have felt
subjected
And from there I believe that
we are the ones who have
the
strength to tell them through the
audience we do not want to see Sálvame we do not
want to see our program
[Music] We do
not need that type of content on
Televisa there is something that I think has
caught them off guard
as well since they talk about that phrase And it is that they
think that we
continue in the 80s and that at the
time there were three television channels
after all this was expanded
that I was not going to think that we could watch
television through pay but now
in the present who would think
of normal and ordinary people with
more or less education had the
possibility of having
a window that offered us the internet
through YouTube
and to be able to tell things as they are
happening and to be able to really give a voice to
people and it has caught them off guard they do not
refer to
us they do not broadcast our videos  on
television because they are not interested because
they continue to keep silent
all those people who are
against that system against that
way of doing television against
doing that journalism and they have us
all silenced if they were so
brave perhaps they would give us all a voice
and the public would also see on
television with two million and a bit
viewers
that there are YouTubers who do
not agree with what they are
doing and that what they do is give a voice
to the people who are precisely the ones who
give them the audience having
clarified this from the bottom of my heart thank you
all for being here it was unthinkable
for me
that this movement would be celebrated in this
way
and with all the people who have come from so many
places thank
you again who are there
giving voice to everything
and all those people who are on the
networks and who are watching us right now
live
if between the five or six YouTubers who
are here
we counted the people who are
live perhaps today we would be
making more audience than
socialite we would
pass two and a half million
people and it just so happens that those two
million people who are
watching us the four or five channels  from
YouTube that we are broadcasting
live are interested in what we are
saying they are interested in people knowing
that we do not agree with what they are
doing enough of the abuse
enough of the harassment of the family that
another type of television can be made
and that there are many more
television producers and that there are
many other formats of television
and entertainment So I thank you
all from the bottom of my heart really for being
here I am making my
debut I am making my debut in this first
live and
grateful From the bottom of my heart to all of you
who are there now well [ __ ] well I would like to I do
n't know well take pictures with
you I would like to have a
beer somewhere Of course yes that is
done I would like to spend some time with you
chatting I'll treat you to a
war
that we were all together for this while
and that we enjoyed the moment
because there is something that is fundamental and it is what
perhaps I would like to do more
review
that it is the first time the first time that there
is a concentration
of the world of the heart of the pink press
never knew anything like this there has been a
movement where people have left
the streets in protest for other types of
things for another type of movement but
in life something has happened  this is the
first time that people gather together
criticizing the behavior and
attitude of a television program and
a television production company So
after seeing that we are all here
together and what is happening and this
gathering just
thanks and thanks From the bottom of my heart
I send you all kisses
[Music]
we are with you how great I'm going to get
some fresh air family I don't know if I don't
know Even if you stop for a bit because it's
hot up here man of course and
what do you think of None of the
youtuber albertito 98 what
this topic is about
nice message from the people
in case someone doesn't know
[Applause]
Madam Please let me
sir Madam Please let me please
what are you doing here
[Music]
What a nice message the
people who have a [ __ ] are giving you in case
the anatomy of the human body is not known
Thank you very much for everything eh Really
thank you very much for the support Thank you very much
Juanca thank you very much to everyone
really David is not here we
are going to try we are going to try to
take her please
I think that
I think it is a very nice message
from the people to remember the anatomy of the
human body is  It's true that
temptations have called you to me tomorrow great
moment great moment
and David located
but wow very grateful Thank you
[Applause] there
are surprises there
are surprises still accompanying me to
put the shade that will give me a fainting
spell I'm going to see the most handsome one to
see Neither either to see with all the
love to my companions but neither
Things were very bad either
Things were complicated I mean I don't know if that
Has a lot of merit How great Juanca eh
How great Juan fell best of the whole
demonstration look at him he's just
thinking about the beer
We have to go
We say goodbye family Maybe in
a while we'll come back okay Yeah maybe yes we
're here the four of us I don't know if we'll be
able to give the people the slip here
but come on
enough complicated But oh well
okay maybe in a while he'll come back